feat(HTTP): Refresh 3XX response pages (#35353)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/status/303/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

> The HTTP **`303 See Other`** [redirection response](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#redirection_messages) status code indicates that redirects don't link to the requested resource, but to a URL in the {{HTTPHeader("Location")}} header that describes the resource.
> For example, the redirected page may be a confirmation page, an upload status page, or a representation of a real-world object (see [HTTP range-14](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTPRange-14)).
> 
> This response code is often sent back as a result of {{HTTPMethod("PUT")}} or {{HTTPMethod("POST")}} methods so the client may retrieve a confirmation or cache the results of an action.
> The method to retrieve the redirected resource is always {{HTTPMethod("GET")}}.

Reviewer: This first sentence doesn't make sense. I think you mean:

```suggestion
The HTTP **`303 See Other`** [redirection response](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#redirection_messages) status code indicates that the browser should redirect to the URL in the {{HTTPHeader("Location")}} header instead of rendering the requested resource.

This response code is often sent back as a result of {{HTTPMethod("PUT")}} or {{HTTPMethod("POST")}} methods so the client may retrieve a confirmation, or view a representation of a real-world object (see [HTTP range-14](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTPRange-14)).
The method to retrieve the redirected resource is always {{HTTPMethod("GET")}}.
```

## Status

```http
303 See Other
```

## Examples

### 303 response on form submission

The client in this example sends a {{HTTPMethod("POST")}} request to submit a form to a generic subscription.

> The server may send back a 303 with a confirmation page in the {{HTTPHeader("Location")}} header so the user is redirected there after receiving the respose:

Reviewer: As above, I kind of prefer separating "this is request" then "this is response". Not so necessary in this case. 
But either way, typo.

```suggestion
The server may send back a response with a `303` status and a confirmation page in the {{HTTPHeader("Location")}} header, so the user is redirected there after receiving the response:
```
